URL: https://www.bbc.com/news
Title: BBC News - Breaking news, video and the latest top stories from the U.S. and around the world

The two leaders will meet for the first time in six years - but Ukraine's President Zelensky has not been invited.

The city of Anchorage is set to host a meeting that could re-shape Europe and global security.

The move comes after a spate of high-profile abuse cases in the childcare sector.

The latest round of UN-led talks have ended in deadlock, with disputes over plastic production and recycling.

Ong Beng Seng had given expensive gifts to an ex-minister, including an all-expenses paid trip to Qatar.

The city of Anchorage is set to host a meeting that could re-shape Europe and global security.

Jeremy Bowen travelled through Israel to hear views from all sides - from protesters in 'psychological despair' over Gaza, to those who feel an overwhelming sense that their country's actions are justified.

Eighty years after Japan was defeated, a wave of Chinese films about the  occupation are fuelling memory and anger.

This is the largest spate of food poisonings to hit Prabowo Subianto's flagship free meals programme.

The move comes after a spate of high-profile abuse cases in the childcare sector.

No matter what happens between Trump and Putin, Ukrainians think Russia has no plan to stop the war.

BBC Russia editor Steve Rosenberg and North America correspondent Anthony Zurcher consider the leaders' contrasting priorities.

The BBC’s US and Russia correspondents outline the leaders' different approaches to the high stakes summit on the Ukraine war.

BBC Verify looks at Trump's changing comments and actions on the conflict since the start of his second term in office.

The leaders' head-to-head will be a blockbuster moment in politics and a further glimpse into their relationship.

Rajinikanth debuted in 1975. His 171st film Coolie released on 14 August mirrors his five-decade journey.

A service of remembrance on Friday will mark the 80th anniversary of Victory over Japan Day.

The BBC's Danny Vincent spoke to the pro-democracy tycoon just hours before his arrest in December 2020.

New tech promises to dub film and TV into different languages without losing the quality of the performance.

Edgar Lungu, who died in June, is yet to be buried - the debate over what next exposes deep divisions.

A service of remembrance on Friday will mark the 80th anniversary of Victory over Japan Day.

What the president sees on his journey out of Washington DC helps explain this week's push to clean up the capital.

The two leaders are set to meet in Anchorage on Friday to discuss how to end of the war in Ukraine.

The BBC's Danny Vincent spoke to the pro-democracy tycoon just hours before his arrest in December 2020.

US Treasury chief says Washington could increase secondary tariffs on India if talks don't go well in Alaska.

Hundreds of people have contacted the BBC to say they have wrongly been shut out of their accounts.

Spain has activated an EU disaster assistance mechanism for the first time in response to the fires.

Far-right Israeli minister Bezalel Smotrich announced approval for 3,401 new homes in the controversial E1 area project in the occupied West Bank.

Teams from 16 countries are competing in a range of sports including football, athletics and dance as part of the World Humanoid Robot Games in Beijing, China.

Hundreds of people have contacted the BBC to say they have wrongly been shut out of their accounts.

Jamie Moreland explains what VJ Day stands for, in a minute.

The reports emerged a day after a meeting between the Intel boss and Donald Trump.

Spain has activated an EU disaster assistance mechanism for the first time in response to the fires.

Liverpool's spending spree has put head coach Arne Slot under increased pressure to repeat title success, says BBC Sport chief football writer Phil McNulty.

BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton takes on singer Tom Grennan with his predictions for the opening round of Premier League fixtures.

The Red Roses' collaboration with Barbie will initially include t-shirts, hoodies and replica balls, rather than the signature dolls.

We ask 33 BBC Sport football pundits to predict who will win the Premier League title, and which clubs will finish in the top four this season.

To get you in the mood for the new Premier League season, we have compiled a quiz of 20 questions - one for each of the top-flight teams in 2025-26.

BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton takes on singer Tom Grennan with his predictions for the opening round of Premier League fixtures.

All the latest from manager news conferences as the Premier League returns on Friday with Liverpool v Bournemouth.

Wayne Rooney was involved in transfer sagas in his playing career and says in his new podcast it will be hard for Alexander Isak to stay at Newcastle.

The Red Roses' collaboration with Barbie will initially include t-shirts, hoodies and replica balls, rather than the signature dolls.

